Add note on destructuring to Env Variables docs (#20869)
vercel/next.js: docs/basic-features/environment-variables.md

}
```

> **Note**: In order to keep server-only secrets safe, Next.js replaces `process.env.*` with the correct values
> at build time. This means that `process.env` is not a standard JavaScript object, so you’re not able to
> use [object destructuring](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Destructuring_assignment).

> > Environment variables must be referenced as e.g. `process.env.API_KEY`, *not* `const { API_KEY } = process.env`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Environment variables must be referenced as e.g. `process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_PUBLIC_KEY`, *not* `const { NEXT_PUBLIC_PUBLIC_KEY } = process.env`.
```

> > Environment variables must be referenced as e.g. `process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_PUBLIC_KEY`, *not* `const { NEXT_PUBLIC_PUBLIC_KEY } = process.env`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Environment variables must be referenced as e.g. `process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_PUBLISHABLE_KEY`, *not* `const { NEXT_PUBLIC_PUBLISHABLE_KEY } = process.env`.
```
